# Wand-Saber
A novel by Caroline and Preston Zhang, combining their loves for Harry Potter and Star Wars. Enjoy!

Wand Saber
Yoda’s enemy 
        One sunny afternoon, at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Dumbledore the Headmaster was doing some math when he heard a loud crashing sound. It seemed to be coming from outside. Dumbledore looked out of his window, and saw what seemed like an old, dirty, broken spaceship. Dumbledore hadn’t realized what he saw, and peered out of the window again. Sure enough there was a broken, old, dirty spaceship. He also saw a turquoise car. He went to his door and opened it, and -- to his surprise -- saw Professor McGonagall. She was trembling. She finally caught her breath, and said “Professor Dumbledore, Ron and Harry crashed into the Whomping Willow! And some strangers from space were there too!”, sounding very worried. Professor Dumbledore said very calmly “Call the other teachers. We shall go and see the scene.” With that, Professor McGonagall rushed out of the office to call the other teachers. Dumbledore grabbed his wand and set off for the entrance hall.

        He had almost gotten there when he heard some voices. He leaned forward and caught some words: “Where are they, Professor McGonagall?”. Professor Dumbledore ran forward, and to his relief, saw Professor Quirrell talking to Professor McGonagall. Dumbledore opened the entrance door. He saw four people wearing orange robes with brown belts. And then, he suddenly saw a blue and white robot. And it said in a robot voice, “Hello, my name is R2-D2. Nice to meet you.” Suddenly a loud clanking came from behind them , and Ron and Harry appeared. They looked very dirty and extremely tired. Dumbledore said “Potter, Weasley! I wanted to see you both!” Dumbledore then turned back at the strangers and asked “Who are you all and how did you get to Hogwarts?”. One of the strangers said “Our ship crashed and we are all Jedi’s from space. This is R2-D2 our robot. I am Obi-Wan Kenobi.” Dumbledore said “Hi Obi-Wan Kenobi, my name is Dumbledore.” He held out his hand, and Obi-Wan shook it. “Who are those people?” said Obi-Wan, pointing to Professor McGonagall, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and the other teachers. “Oh,” said Dumbledore, “They are students and teachers of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.”

    Just then, Hermione Granger, a student from Hogwarts, rushed out of the entrance door. “Professor Dumbledore! I forgot ...” She started speaking but then gasped. “Who are they?” she asked, pointing to Obi-Wan and the other strangers. Professor McGonagall said: “They are Jedi’s from space, Miss Granger.” Hermione spotted R2-D2, and said: “Who are you, robot?” R2-D2 repeated: “Hello, my name is R2-D2. Nice to meet you.” Hermione said: “Let’s be friends, R2-D2. I am Hermione Granger, by the way, a Hogwarts student.” R2-D2 said: “oK. I am a robot from the jedi team. I can fix almost anything very quickly.” 
